Secrets backend doc for Astronomer Cloud (#265)
astronomer/docs: cloud/secrets-backend.md

- Your Vault Server's URL (if you're using a local server, this should be `http://127.0.0.1:8200/`).

If you do not already have a Vault server deployed but would like to test this feature, we'd recommend either:

- Deploying a light-weight server using [this Heroku Element](https://elements.heroku.com/buttons/pallavkothari/vault)
- Deploying a local server via the instructions in [our Airflow and Vault guide](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-and-hashicorp-vault)

### Step 1: Write a Connection to Vault

To start, you first need to write an [Airflow connection URI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/connection/index.html#generating-connection-uri) to your Vault server. This can be any new or existing connection in your local Airflow project.

To write the connection to your Vault server as a secret key/value pair, run:

```
vault kv put secret/connections/<your-connection> conn_uri=<connection-type>://<connection-login>:<connection-password>@<connection-host>:5432
```

To confirm that the secret was written successfully, run the following command:

```
vault kv gt secret/connections/<your-connection>
```

> For example, if you set an SMTP connection, the output of this command would look like the following:

Author: Not sure the output here is necessary. This is basically just confirming that the user correctly typed in the info, and this input isn't used in any other part of the setup.

    destroyed        false
    version          1

    ====== Data ======
    Key         Value
    ---         -----
    conn_uri    smtps://user:host@relay.example.com:465
```

### Step 2: Set Connection Locally

To use Vault with Airflow, you first need to configure your `Dockerfile` to use the Vault server as the default secrets backend for your local Airflow project. Following this section, we'll set these variables on a Deployment.

To configure Airflow to use the secrets backend:

1. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file in your project directory:

    ```sh
    VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN="<your-root-token>"
    VAULT__URL="<your-vault-url>"
    ```

   This keeps your connection to the Vault server secure. Be sure to keep your `.env` in your `.gitignore` when you deploy these changes to your project if they contain sensitive credentials.

2. Add the following lines to your `Dockerfile` to set Airflow's `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` configuration via environment variables:

    ```sh
    ENV VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN=$VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN
    ENV VAULT__URL=$VAULT__URL
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.contrib.secrets.hashicorp_vault.VaultBackend"

>     ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"url":$VAULT__URL,"token": $VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN,"connections_path": "connections","variables_path": "variables","kv_engine_version":1}'

Reviewer: Not sure if it's worth adding, that if we are running the local Vault Server on our machine , the URL should be `http://host.docker.internal:8200`

Author: I think it's okay to not mention that here. Though we're testing locally, the goal is to test the hosted Vault connection because that's what will be used in production.

    ```

    This tells Airflow to look for connection information at the `secret/connections/*` path in your Vault server.

:::info
By default, Airflow uses `"kv_engine_version": 2`, but we've written this secret using v1. You can change this to accommodate how you write and read your secrets.
:::

If you'd like to further customize what the interaction between Airflow and Vault server will look like, read [the full list of available kwargs for this integration](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/_api/airflow/contrib/secrets/hashicorp_vault/index.html).

### Step 3: Test Your Connection

To test your connection to Vault in a local Airflow environment, add the following code as a new DAG in your `/dags` directory. This DAG prints your connection information to the task logs, confirming that your connection has been successfully established.

> ```python

Author: Could use tech review here: can we generalize this DAG and use it in other examples as well, instead of just for Vault?

Reviewer 2: Yea, good call - this DAG can probably be simplified. Let's get it as consistent as we can with the rest of the examples

1. In the Astronomer UI, open your Deployment **Deployment** and click **Add Variables**.
2. Set your `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` to the same values as in your your `.env` file.
3. Click **Save Variables** to save and publish your changes.
4. Deploy to Astronomer by running `astro deploy`.

You should now be able to see your connection information being pulled from AWS SSM Parameter Store on Astronomer.

## Google Cloud Secret Manager

This topic provides setup steps for configuring Google Cloud project [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) as your Airflow secrets backend.

### Prerequisites

To use Google Cloud Secret Manager as your Airflow secrets backend, you need:

- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
- The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
- A Google Cloud environment with [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) configured.

### Step 1: Configure Secret Manager

To configure Secret Manager for use with Airflow:

> 1. [Create a service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-accounts) with the appropriate permissions on Google Cloud.

Author: Should these be prereqs?

Reviewer 2: Yes, let's make this pre-req and then add a new Step 1 that's about writing a test variable or connection to GCP

---
title: 'Configure an External Secrets Backend on Astronomer Cloud'
sidebar_label: 'Configure a Secrets Backend'
id: secrets-backend
description: Configure a secret backend tool on Astronomer Cloud to store Airflow connections and variables.
---

> You can manage and sync Airflow connections and variables as [secrets](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/_api/airflow/secrets/index.html) from a variety of external secrets backend tools. Storing connections and variables as secrets makes Airflow more secure and reliable: DAG authors can focus on authoring data pipelines without the risk of touching sensitive code that's essential to running your Deployments.

Reviewer 2: Might rephrase this to address the value-add of having Airflow Connections and Variables stored in the same place as other organization secrets. The whole thing is that you can manage this in a central place instead of managing 90% of secrets for your team in 1 place, and Airflow stuff in another.

Reviewer 2: Might also add 1 sentence on what a connection and variable is in airflow, and link to corresponding airflow docs. We sure we don't wanna capitalize `Connection`?

Author: Don't see connections or variables capitalized anywhere in OSS or GCC docs, which tracks because it's not a specific type of connection or an individual object

This guide provides setup steps for configuring the following tools as secrets backends on Astronomer:

- Hashicorp Vault
- AWS SSM Parameter Store
- Google Cloud Secret Manager
- Azure Key Vault

:::info

> You can continue storing Airflow connections and variables in environment variables and your metadata DB even after you enable a secrets database.
> 
> When Airflow checks for the value of a connection or environment variable, it first checks your secrets backend (if configured), then your environment variables, and lastly your metadata DB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you enable a secrets backend on Astronomer, you can continue to define Airflow connections and variables either as environment variables or in the Airflow UI as needed. If set via the Airflow UI, connections and secrets are stored as encrypted values in Airflow's metadata database.

When Airflow checks for the value of an Airflow Connection or Variable, it will do so in the following order of precedence:

1. Secrets Backend
2. Environment Variable
3. Set via the Airflow UI, stored in Airflow Metadata Database
```

:::

> ## Use Hashicorp Vault as a Secrets Backend

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use Hashicorp Vault as a Secrets Backend
```

Just `### Hashicorp Vault` to keep the header menu on the right cleaner?

> This topic provides steps for how to use Vault as a secrets backend for both local development and on Astronomer Cloud. To do this, you'll:

Reviewer 2: Link to Hashi

1. Write a test Airflow connection as a secret to your Vault.

> 2. Configure Airflow to use the Vault on your Astronomer project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Configure Airflow to pull the Airflow connection from your Vault instance.
```

3. Test the connection in a local environment.
4. Deploy your changes to Astronomer Cloud.

### Prerequisites

To use this feature, you need:

- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md) on Astronomer.

> - [The Astro CLI](install-cli.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [The Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
```

> - A running Hashicorp Vault server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A Hashicorp Vault server.
```

> - A locally hosted [Astronomer project](create-project.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
```

- [The Vault CLI](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/install).
- Your Vault server's [Root Token](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/tokens#root-tokens).

> - Your Vault Server's URL (if you're using a local server, this should be `http://127.0.0.1:8200/`).

Reviewer 2: I really still am now following our rules with periods at the ends of lists 🙈 Since these aren't full sentences, why the periods?

Author: They are full sentences because they complete the sentence started by "You'll need"

Reviewer 2: addressed!

> - Your Vault Server's URL (if you're using a local server, this should be `http://127.0.0.1:8200/`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Your Vault Server's UR. If you're using a local server, this should be `http://127.0.0.1:8200/`.
```

If you do not already have a Vault server deployed but would like to test this feature, we'd recommend either:

- Deploying a light-weight server using [this Heroku Element](https://elements.heroku.com/buttons/pallavkothari/vault)
- Deploying a local server via the instructions in [our Airflow and Vault guide](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-and-hashicorp-vault)

### Step 1: Write a Connection to Vault

> To start, you first need to write an [Airflow connection URI](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/connection/index.html#generating-connection-uri) to your Vault server. This can be any new or existing connection in your local Airflow project.

Reviewer 2: Might need an additional sentence here to clarify that you need a connection first and then you need to turn it into a Connection URI. If you set a connection in the Airflow UI, you basically enter the values for a bunch of fields. The URI is a 1-line code snippet of those connection fields in a certain syntax.

All this to say, try to rephrase this as more of a "convert your connection credentials to an Airflow Connection URI" step

> To write the connection to your Vault server as a secret key/value pair, run:

Reviewer 2: Clarify that with Vault CLI

```
vault kv put secret/connections/<your-connection> conn_uri=<connection-type>://<connection-login>:<connection-password>@<connection-host>:5432
```

To confirm that the secret was written successfully, you can run the following command:

```
vault kv gt secret/connections/<your-connection>
```

> ### Step 2: Set Connection Locally

Reviewer 2: Is this you setting the Airflow connection locally, or configuring your secrets backend locally?

To use Vault with Airflow, you first need to configure your `Dockerfile` to use the Vault server as the default secrets backend for your local Airflow project. Following this section, we'll set these variables on a Deployment.

To configure Airflow to use the secrets backend, add the following lines to your `Dockerfile` to set Airflow's `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` configuration via environment variables:

```sh
ENV VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN="<your-root-token>"
ENV VAULT__URL="<your-vault-url>"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.contrib.secrets.hashicorp_vault.VaultBackend"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"url":$VAULT__URL,"token": $VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN,"connections_path": "connections","variables_path": "variables","kv_engine_version":1}'
```

> This tells Airflow to look for connection and variable information at the `secret/connections/*` `secret/variables/*` paths in your Vault server, respectively. Note that these files are not

Reviewer 2: Incomplete sentence here

:::warning
If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save `<your-root-token>` and `<your-vault-url>` in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astronomer, you should set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.

> :::

Reviewer 2: Might re-think this step - placeholder

:::info
By default, Airflow uses `"kv_engine_version": 2`, but we've written this secret using v1. You can change this to accommodate how you write and read your secrets.

> :::

Reviewer 2: Let's check if this is still the case

Author: [Confirmed](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-hashicorp/stable/_api/airflow/providers/hashicorp/hooks/vault/index.html): `kv_engine_version (int) -- Select the version of the engine to run (1 or 2). Defaults to version defined in connection or 2 if not defined in connection.`

If you'd like to further customize what the interaction between Airflow and Vault server will look like, read [the full list of available kwargs for this integration](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/_api/airflow/contrib/secrets/hashicorp_vault/index.html).

### Step 3: Test Your Connection

> To test your connection to Vault in a local Airflow environment, add the following code as a new DAG in your `/dags` directory. This DAG prints your connection information to the task logs, confirming that your connection has been successfully established.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test your connection to Vault in a local Airflow environment, add the following code as a new DAG in your `/dags` directory. This DAG prints your connection information to the task logs, confirming that your connection has been successfully established.
```

Link to Develop Project doc, section on "Add DAGs". Should probably add a comment here at the end of this section that clarifies that this DAG is not NEEDED to run vault - it's just a way to test this thing. Once tested, they can delete this DAG

Author: Don't think we need to link the Add DAGs topic here, because we already explain everything in there in the first sentence.

with DAG('example_secrets_dags', start_date=datetime(2020, 1, 1), schedule_interval=None) as dag:

    test_task = PythonOperator(
        task_id='test-task',
        python_callable=get_secrets,
        op_kwargs={'my_conn_id': 'smtp_default'},
 )
```

Once you've added this DAG to your project:

1. Run `astro dev stop` and `astro dev start`  to rebuild your image locally
2. Trigger your new DAG via the Airflow UI at `http://localhost:8080/admin/`
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**
4. Confirm your `smtp_default` connection information is being printed in the task logs:

    ![Airflow Logs for Vault](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/docs/secrets-backends/logs.png)

This works because we set the `connections_path` in our `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS` to be `connections`. You can change this path name if you'd prefer to access variables from a different Vault directory.

:::tip
If you've written other secrets to your Vault server's `/connections` path, you should be able to test those here as well just by changing the `my_conn_id` value in the DAG code above.
:::

### Step 4: Deploy to Astronomer

> Once you've confirmed that your connections are being imported correctly in a local environment, you're ready to set configure the same feature in a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you've confirmed that your connections are being imported correctly in a local environment, you're ready to set configure the same feature in a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.
```

Weird phrasing?

Author: Verbose? Tried to reword it.

1. In the Astronomer UI, open your **Deployment** and click **Add Variables**.
2. Copy the environment variables from your Dockerfile into new environment variables on Astronomer. Set both `VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN` and `VAULT__URL` as **secret**.
3. Click **Save Variables** to save and publish your changes.
4. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
5. Deploy your project to Astronomer by running `astro deploy` in your project directory.

> You now should be able to see your connection information being pulled from Vault on Astronomer. From here, you can store any Airflow connections or variables as secrets on Vault and use them in your project. Read the following topics about how to do this with Vault.

Reviewer 2: Should we walk the user through this step by step, or just link them to https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/environment-variables#set-environment-variables-via-the-astronomer-ui

Let's def recommend they set these values as "secret" too. Maybe add a screenshot in here?

Author: If we link out to the env vars docs, I don't think a screenshot is necessary. Which values should also be marked secret? We already recommend specifying the sensitive info here as secret.

Reviewer 2: Last iteration of this works

## AWS SSM Parameter Store

In this section, we'll walk through how to use AWS SSM Parameter Store as a secrets backend on Astronomer Cloud.

### Prerequisites

To use this feature, you need:

- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).

> - The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
```

- A locally hosted [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
- A running AWS SSM Parameter Store instance.
- A valid AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.

### Step 1: Add Secrets to Parameter Store

To start, add an Airflow connection or variable as a secret to Parameter Store for testing. For more information on adding secrets to Parameter Store, read the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-cli.html).

Connections and variables should live at `/airflow/connections` and `/airflow/variables`, respectively. For example, if you're using a secret with a connection id of `smtp_default`, it should exist at `/airflow/connections/smtp_default`.

:::info
If you add a connection, it must exist as a string representing an Airflow `connection_uri`. You can read more about generating a `connection_uri` in the [Apache Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/connection/index.html#generating-connection-uri).
:::

> ### Step 2: Test Parameter Store in a Local Airflow Environment

Reviewer 2: These H2s are written as "Steps" and named slightly differently - let's make the headers for all secrets backend examples consistent

Author: I thought it mike make sense to differentiate them in the case that someone's searching for a specific secrets backend in the search bar. WDYT?

Author: Also not sure we can keep total consistency across headers due to the content itself. Secrets Manager, for example, has a configuration step that others don't have

```
vault kv put secret/connections/<your-connection> conn_uri=<connection-type>://<connection-login>:<connection-password>@<connection-host>:5432
```

To confirm that the secret was written successfully, run the following command:

```
vault kv gt secret/connections/<your-connection>
```

For example, if you set an SMTP connection, the output of this command would look like the following:

```
    sh vault kv get secret/connections/smtp_default
    ====== Metadata ======
    Key              Value
    ---              -----
    created_time     2020-03-26T14:43:50.819791Z
    deletion_time    n/a
    destroyed        false
    version          1

    ====== Data ======
    Key         Value
    ---         -----
    conn_uri    smtps://user:host@relay.example.com:465
```

### Step 2: Set Connection Locally

To use Vault with Airflow, you first need to configure your `Dockerfile` to use the Vault server as the default secrets backend for your local Airflow project. Following this section, we'll set these variables on a Deployment.

To configure Airflow to use the secrets backend:

1. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file in your project directory:

    ```sh

>     VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN="<your-root-token>"

Author: If we end up ditching the `.env` file in production, why are we setting it here locally? Could we just have these in the Dockerfile and tell users to remove it when configuring environment variables in their Deployment?

:::

### Step 2: Set your Secrets Backend in a Local Environment

Now that you have a secret saved for testing, you can configure your Astronomer project to use your Parameter Store instance server as a secrets backend in a locally running Airflow environment:

1. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file in your project directory to be used in your _local_ Airflow instance:

    ```text
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="YOUR-AWS-KEY"
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="YOUR-AWS-SECRET-KEY"
    ```

   This will keep your connection to the Parameter Store server secure, though make sure to keep your `.env` file in `.gitignore` when you deploy these changes to your project. We'll set these variables separately on Astronomer.

2. Add the following lines to your `Dockerfile` to set Airflow's `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` configuration via environment variables:

    ```text
    ENV AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID $AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    ENV AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY $AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

>     ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.contrib.secrets.aws_systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend"

Author: Similarly, do these need to be set as env vars? Is there a benefit to having them in the Dockerfile instead?

### Step 2: Create an Access Policy

Follow the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app#add-credentials) to create a new access policy for the app that you just registered. The settings you need to configure for your policy are:

- **Configure from template**: Select `Key, Secret, & Certificate Management`
- **Select principal**: Select the name of the app that you registered in Step 1.

### Step 3: Test Key Vault in a Local Airflow Environment

In your locally hosted Astronomer project, add the following line to your `requirements.txt` file:

```text
apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
```

In your `Dockerfile`, add the following environment variables:

```yaml
ENV AZURE_CLIENT_ID="<your-client-id>" # Found on App page >> Application (Client) ID
ENV AZURE_TENANT_ID="<your-tenant-id>" # Found on Properties >> Tenant ID

> ENV AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="<your-client-secret>" # Found in App Registration Page >> Certificates and Secrets >> Client Secrets >> 'Value'

Author: ```suggestion
ENV AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="<your-client-secret>" # Found on App Page >> Certificates and Secrets >> Client Secrets >> 'Value'
```

ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.providers.microsoft.azure.secrets.azure_key_vault.AzureKeyVaultBackend"

# Using prefixes and default '-' separator:

> ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "vault_url": "<your-vault-url>"}'

Author: @aspain Where do you get the Key Vault URL from?

Reviewer 3: @jwitz It's on the main landing page for the Key Vault, in the upper right corner:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15913202/148390716-7f2e8c19-5b91-4cc6-8af8-324c8e534aa9.png)

I added a note about this in the Notion doc right below the Dockerfile as well

:::

## Hashicorp Vault

This topic provides steps for how to use [Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) as a secrets backend for both local development and on Astronomer Cloud. To do this, you will:

1. Write a test Airflow connection as a secret to your Vault server.
2. Configure Airflow to pull the Airflow connection from Vault.
3. Test the connection in a local environment.
4. Deploy your changes to Astronomer Cloud.

### Prerequisites

To use this feature, you need:

- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md) on Astronomer.
- [The Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
- A [Hashicorp Vault server](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/vault/getting-started-dev-server?in=vault/getting-started).
- An [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
- [The Vault CLI](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/install).
- Your Vault server's [Root Token](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/tokens#root-tokens).
- Your Vault Server's URL. If you're using a local server, this should be `http://127.0.0.1:8200/`.

If you do not already have a Vault server deployed but would like to test this feature, we'd recommend either:

> - Deploying a light-weight server using [this Heroku Element](https://elements.heroku.com/buttons/pallavkothari/vault)

Reviewer 4: why do we recommend using heroku instead of a demo / free tier from vault? https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault

      python_callable=print_var,
)
```

Once you've added this DAG to your project:

1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to push your changes to your local Airflow environment.
2. In the Airflow UI (`http://localhost:8080/admin/`), trigger your new DAG.
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**.  If you ran the example DAG above, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:

    ```text
    {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
    ```

Once you confirm that the setup was successful, you can delete this example DAG.

### Step 4: Set Up Vault on Astronomer Cloud

Once you've confirmed that the integration with Vault works locally, you can complete a similar set up with a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

1. In the Astronomer UI, add the same environment variables found in your `Dockerfile` to your Deployment-level [environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/environment-variables). Specify both `VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN` and `VAULT__URL` as **secret** to ensure that your Vault credentials are stored securely.
2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.

> 3. [Deploy your Astronomer project](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. [Deploy your changes](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code) to Astronomer Cloud.
```

> Now, any Airflow connection or variable that you write to your Vault server should be successfully pulled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, any Airflow connection or variable that you write to your Vault server can be successfully accessed and pulled by any DAG in your Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.
```

## AWS SSM Parameter Store

In this section, we'll walk through how to use AWS SSM Parameter Store as a secrets backend on Astronomer Cloud.

### Prerequisites

To use this feature, you need:

- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
- The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).

> - A locally hosted [Astronomer project](create-project.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
```

- A running AWS SSM Parameter Store server.
- A valid AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.

### Step 1: Write an Airflow Connection or Variable to Parameter Store

To start, add an Airflow connection or variable as a secret to Parameter Store for testing. For more information on adding secrets to Parameter Store, read the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-cli.html).

Connections and variables should live at `/airflow/connections` and `/airflow/variables`, respectively. For example, if you're using a secret with a connection id of `smtp_default`, it should exist at `/airflow/connections/smtp_default`.

:::info
If you add a connection, it must exist as a string representing an Airflow `connection_uri`. You can read more about generating a `connection_uri` in the [Apache Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/connection/index.html#generating-connection-uri).

> :::

Reviewer 2: Duplicative with content on this at the top of the doc?

> ### Step 2: Set Up Parameter Store in a Local Airflow Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Set Up AWS Parameter Store to Test Locally
```

To test Parameter Store before deploying to Astronomer, configure it as a secrets backend in your Astronomer project by adding the following lines to your `Dockerfile`:

```text
# Make sure to replace `<your-aws-key>` and `<your-aws-secret-key>` with your own values.
ENV AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<your-aws-key>"
ENV AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<your-aws-secret-key>"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.contrib.secrets.aws_systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables"}'
```

> This tells Airflow to look for connection information at the `airflow/connections/*` path in your Parameter Store server. In the next step, you'll test this configuration in a local Airflow environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tells Airflow to look for variable and connection information at the `secret/connections/*` and `secret/variables/*` paths AWS SSM Parameter Store. In the next step, you'll test this configuration locally.

```

> To further customize what the interaction between Airflow and your SSM server looks like, reference the [full list of available kwargs for this integration](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/secrets/systems_manager/index.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To further customize the integration between Airflow and AWS SSM, reference Airflow documentation with the [full list of available kwargs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/secrets/systems_manager/index.html).
```

:::warning
If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save `<your-aws-key>` and `<your-aws-secret-key>` in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astronomer, you should set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.
:::

> :::info
> If you'd like to reference an AWS profile instead of connecting via Environment Variables, you can also [add the `profile` param to your kwargs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/1.10.10/howto/use-alternative-secrets-backend.html).
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::tip

If you'd like to reference an AWS profile, you can also [add the `profile` param to `ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/2.2.3/security/secrets/secrets-backend/index.html).

:::
```

> ### Step 3: Test Parameter Store in a Local Airflow Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Run an Example DAG to Test AWS Paramater Store Locally
```

To test Parameter Store, write a simple DAG which calls your secret and add this DAG your project's `dags` directory. For example, you can use the following DAG to print the value of a variable to your task logs:

```py
from airflow import DAG
from airflow.operators.python_operator import PythonOperator
from datetime import datetime
from airflow.hooks.base_hook import BaseHook

def print_var():
    my_var = Variable.get("<your-variable-key>")
    print(f'My variable is: {my_var}')

with DAG('example_secrets_dags', start_date=datetime(2020, 1, 1), schedule_interval=None) as dag:

  test_task = PythonOperator(
      task_id='test-task',
      python_callable=print_var,
)
```

To test your changes:

1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to push your changes to your local Airflow environment.
2. In the Airflow UI (`http://localhost:8080/admin/`), trigger your new DAG.
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**. If you ran the example DAG above, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:

    ```text
    {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
    ```

> ### Step 4: Deploy to Astronomer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Deploy to Astronomer Cloud
```

> Once you've confirmed that your connections are being imported correctly locally, you're ready to set your deploy your project to Astronomer Cloud

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you've confirmed that the integration with AWS SSM Parameter Store works locally, you can complete a similar set up with a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.
```

1. In the Astronomer UI, add the same environment variables found in your `Dockerfile` to your Deployment-level [environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/environment-variables). Specify both both `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` as **secret** ensure that your credentials are stored securely.
2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
3. [Deploy your Astronomer project](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code).

> You should now be able to see your connection information being pulled from AWS SSM Parameter Store on Astronomer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, any Airflow variable or connection that you write to AWS SSM Parameter Store can be automatically pulled by any DAG in your Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.
```

## Google Cloud Secret Manager

> This topic provides setup steps for configuring Google Cloud [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) as your Airflow secrets backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This topic provides setup steps for configuring [Google Cloud Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) as a secrets backend on Astronomer Cloud.
```

### Prerequisites

To use Google Cloud Secret Manager as your Airflow secrets backend, you need:

> - A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
> - The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
> - A locally hosted [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
> - A Google Cloud environment with [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
- The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
- A Google Cloud environment with [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) configured.
```

3. Create and download a [JSON service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys) for the service account.

### Step 2: Set Up Secret Manager in a Local Airflow Environment

To test Secret Manager before deploying to Astronomer, add the following lines to your Astronomer project's `Dockerfile`, making sure to paste your entire JSON service account key in place of `<your-key-file>`:

```sh
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.google.cloud.secrets.secret_manager.CloudSecretManagerBackend
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "gcp_keyfile_dict": <your-key-file>}'
```

These environment variables tell Airflow to begin using your Secret Manager as its default secrets backend.

:::warning
If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save these variables in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astronomer, you should set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.
:::

> 

Reviewer 2: This whole step is inconsistent with above sections

### Step 3: Test Secret Manager Locally

To test Secret Manager, [create a secret](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/creating-and-accessing-secrets#create) containing either an Airflow connection or variable for testing.

Once you create a test secret, write a simple DAG which calls the secret and add this DAG your project's `dags` directory. For example, you can use the following DAG to print the value of a variable to your task logs:

```py
from airflow import DAG
from airflow.operators.python_operator import PythonOperator
from datetime import datetime
from airflow.hooks.base_hook import BaseHook

def print_var():
    my_var = Variable.get("<your-variable-key>")
    print(f'My variable is: {my_var}')

> with DAG('example_secrets_dags', start_date=datetime(2020, 1, 1), schedule_interval=None) as dag:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with DAG('example_secrets_dags', start_date=datetime(2022, 1, 1), schedule_interval=None) as dag:
```

  test_task = PythonOperator(
      task_id='test-task',
      python_callable=print_var,
)
```

To test your changes:

1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to push your changes to your local Airflow environment.
2. In the Airflow UI (`http://localhost:8080/admin/`), trigger your new DAG.
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**. If you ran the example DAG above, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:

    ```text
    {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
    ```

Once you confirm that the setup was successful, you can delete this DAG.

### Step 4: Deploy to Astronomer

> Once you've confirmed that your secrets are being imported correctly to your local environment, you're ready to set configure the same feature in a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you've confirmed that the integration with Google Cloud Secret Manager works locally, you can complete a similar set up with a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.
```

1. In the Astronomer UI, add the same environment variables found in your `Dockerfile` to your Deployment-level [environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/environment-variables). Specify both `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` and `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS` as **Secret** to ensure that your credentials are stored securely.

> 2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
> 3. [Deploy your Astronomer project](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
3. [Deploy your changes](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code) to Astronomer Cloud.
```

You now should be able to see your connection information being pulled from Secret Manager on Astronomer. From here, you can store any Airflow connections or variables as secrets on Secret Manager and use them in your project.

> ## Use Azure Key Vault as a Secrets Backend

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Microsoft Azure Key Vault
```

> This topic provides setup steps for configuring Azure [Key Vault](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) as your Airflow secrets backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This topic provides setup steps for configuring [Azure Key Vault](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) as a secrets backend on Astronomer Cloud.
```

### Prerequisites

To use Key Vault as a secrets backend, you need:

> - A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
> - The [Astro CLI](install-cli.md).
> - A locally hosted [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
> - An existing Key Vault linked to a resource group ([Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/quick-create-portal)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
- The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
- An existing Key Vault linked to a resource group.

If you do not already have Key Vault configured, read [Microsoft Azure documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/general/quick-create-portal).
```

### Step 1: Register Astronomer as an App on Azure

> Follow the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app#add-credentials) to register a new application for Astronomer. At a minimum, you need to add a [secret](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app#add-credentials) that Astronomer can use to authenticate to Key Vault. Note the value of the application's client ID and secret for Step 3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the [Microsoft Azure documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app#add-credentials) to register a new application for Astronomer.

At a minimum, you need to add a [secret](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app#add-credentials) that Astronomer can use to authenticate to Key Vault.

Note the value of the application's client ID and secret for Step 3.
```

### Step 2: Create an Access Policy

> Follow the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app#add-credentials) to create a new access policy for the app that you just registered. The settings you need to configure for your policy are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the [Microsoft documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/quickstart-register-app#add-credentials) to create a new access policy for the application that you just registered. The settings you need to configure for your policy are:
```

- **Configure from template**: Select `Key, Secret, & Certificate Management`.
- **Select principal**: Select the name of the app that you registered in Step 1.

### Step 3: Set Up Key Vault in a Local Airflow Environment

> In your locally hosted Astronomer project, add the following line to your `requirements.txt` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In your Astronomer project, add the following line to your `requirements.txt` file:
```

```text
apache-airflow-providers-microsoft-azure
```

In your `Dockerfile`, add the following environment variables:

```yaml

> ENV AZURE_CLIENT_ID="<your-client-id>" # Found on App page > 'Application (Client) ID'
> ENV AZURE_TENANT_ID="<your-tenant-id>" # Found on Properties > 'Tenant ID'
> ENV AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="<your-client-secret>" # Found on App Registration Page > Certificates and Secrets > Client Secrets > 'Value'
> 
> ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.providers.microsoft.azure.secrets.azure_key_vault.AzureKeyVaultBackend"
> 
> # Using prefixes and default '-' separator:
> ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "vault_url": "<your-vault-url>"}' # <your-vault-url> found on Key Vault overview page > 'Vault URI'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ENV AZURE_CLIENT_ID="<your-client-id>" # Found on App page > 'Application (Client) ID'
ENV AZURE_TENANT_ID="<your-tenant-id>" # Found on Properties > 'Tenant ID'
ENV AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="<your-client-secret>" # Found on App Registration Page > Certificates and Secrets > Client Secrets > 'Value'
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.providers.microsoft.azure.secrets.azure_key_vault.AzureKeyVaultBackend"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "vault_url": "<your-vault-url>"}' # <your-vault-url> found on Key Vault overview page > 'Vault URI'
```

```

:::warning
If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save `<your-client-id>`, `<your-tenant-id>`, and `<your-client-secret>`  in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astronomer, you should set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.
:::

> These variables connect Airflow to your Key Vault and define how you call secrets in your Airflow code. By default, this setup requires that you prefix any secret names in Key Vault with `airflow-connections` or `airflow-variables`. If you don't want to use prefixes in your Key Vault secret names, replace the values for `"connections_prefix"` and `"connections_prefix"` with `""`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tells Airflow to look for connection information at the `airflow/connections/*` path in Azure Key Vault and variable information at the `airflow/variables/*`. In the next step, you'll run an example DAG to test this configuration locally.

:::tip

By default, this setup requires that you prefix any secret names in Key Vault with `airflow-connections` or `airflow-variables`. If you don't want to use prefixes in your Key Vault secret names, replace the values for `"connections_prefix"` and `"connections_prefix"` with `""`.

:::
```

### Step 4: Test Key Vault Locally

> To test your Key Vault steup, [create a new secret](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/secrets/quick-create-portal#add-a-secret-to-key-vault) in Key Vault containing either a connection or a variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test Key Vault on Astronomer locally, [create a new secret](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/secrets/quick-create-portal#add-a-secret-to-key-vault) in Key Vault containing either an Airflow variable or connection.
```

> Once you create a test secret, write a simple DAG which calls the secret and add this DAG your project's `dags` directory. For example, you can use the following DAG to print the value of a variable to your task logs:

Reviewer 2: @jwitz This step here is inconsistent with how we define steps above? Keep it for now, but let's consider changing this later

- Deploying a light-weight server using [this Heroku Element](https://elements.heroku.com/buttons/pallavkothari/vault)
- Deploying a local server via the instructions in [our Airflow and Vault guide](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-and-hashicorp-vault)

### Step 1: Write a Secret to Vault

To test your Vault connection, create an Airflow connection or variable to store as a secret on Vault.

To store a connection in Vault, run the following Vault CLI command:

```sh
vault kv put secret/connections/<your-connection> conn_uri=<connection-type>://<connection-login>:<connection-password>@<connection-host>:5432
```

To store a secret in Vault, run the following Vault CLI command:

```sh
vault kv put secret/variables/<your-variable-key> value=<your-variable-value>
```

To confirm that the secret was written successfully, you can run the following command:

```sh
vault kv get secret/connections/<your-connection>
```

:::tip
If you've written other secrets to your Vault server's `/connections` path, you should be able to test those here as well just by changing the `my_conn_id` value in the DAG code above.
:::

> ### Step 2: Set Up Vault in a Local Airflow Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Set Vault as your Secret Backend in Airflow
```

To use Vault with Airflow, you first need to configure your `Dockerfile` to use the Vault server as the default secrets backend for your Astronomer project.

To configure Airflow to use Vault, add the following lines to your `Dockerfile` to set Airflow's `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` configuration via environment variables:

```sh
ENV VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN="<your-root-token>"
ENV VAULT__URL="<your-vault-url>"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.contrib.secrets.hashicorp_vault.VaultBackend"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"url":$VAULT__URL,"token": $VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN,"connections_path": "connections","variables_path": "variables","kv_engine_version":1}'
```

This tells Airflow to look for connection and variable information at the `secret/connections/*` `secret/variables/*` paths in your Vault server, respectively.

:::warning
If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save `<your-root-token>` and `<your-vault-url>` in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astronomer, you should set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.
:::

> :::info
> By default, Airflow uses `"kv_engine_version": 2`, but we've written this secret using v1. You can change this to accommodate how you write and read your secrets.
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::info

By default, Airflow uses `"kv_engine_version": 2`, but we've written this secret using v1. You can change this to accommodate how you write and read your secrets.

:::
```

Reviewer 2: Do users have to install this hashicorp provider?

Reviewer 4: it is a requirement to have the hashicorp provider `ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'airflow.providers.hashicorp'`

Reviewer 2: @jwitz Let's add this to Pre-Reqs above

> If you'd like to further customize what the interaction between Airflow and Vault server will look like, read [the full list of available kwargs for this integration](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/_api/airflow/contrib/secrets/hashicorp_vault/index.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on the Airflow provider for Hashicorp Vault and how to further customize your integration, read [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-hashicorp/stable/_api/airflow/providers/hashicorp/hooks/vault/index.html).
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is broken URL

### Step 3: Test Vault Locally

> To test Vault, write a simple DAG which calls your test secret and add this DAG your project's `dags` directory. For example, you can use the following DAG to print the value of a variable to your task logs:

Reviewer 2: I think we have to be consistent with what "secret" we're asking the user to test here - is it an Airflow connection or variable? Up top we ask the user to create a connection. 

I'd refrain from using the term "secret" and just specify connection/variable in any tactical steps, but define "secret" up top as any of these - WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Per live convo let's switch order of connection > variable to variable > connection

```py
from airflow import DAG
from airflow.operators.python_operator import PythonOperator
from datetime import datetime
from airflow.hooks.base_hook import BaseHook

def print_var():
    my_var = Variable.get("<your-variable-key>")
    print(f'My variable is: {my_var}')

with DAG('example_secrets_dags', start_date=datetime(2020, 1, 1), schedule_interval=None) as dag:

  test_task = PythonOperator(
      task_id='test-task',
      python_callable=print_var,
)
```

Once you've added this DAG to your project:

> 1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to push your changes to your local Airflow environment.
> 2. In the Airflow UI (`http://localhost:8080/admin/`), trigger your new DAG.
> 3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**. If the configuration was successful, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:
> 
>     ```text
>     {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
>     ```
> 
> Once you confirm that the setup was successful, you can delete this example DAG.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to [restart your local Airflow environment](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/develop-project#restart-your-local-environment).
2. In your [local Airflow UI](http://localhost:8080/admin/), trigger your new DAG.
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**. If the configuration was successful, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:

    ```text
    {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
    ```

Once you confirm that the setup was successful, you can delete this example DAG.
```

Reviewer 2: Fair, this is fine

> ### Step 4: Configure Vault on Astronomer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Set Up Vault on Astronomer Cloud
```

> Once you've confirmed that Vault works in a local Airflow environment, you can complete the same setup in a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.
> 
> 1. In the Astornomer UI, copy the environment variables from your Dockerfile into new [Deployment environment variables](environment-variables.md). Set both `VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN` and `VAULT__URL` as **secret**.
> 2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
> 3. Push your project to your Deployment by running `astro deploy` in your project directory.
> 
> You now should be able to see your connection information being pulled from Vault on Astronomer. From here, you can store any Airflow connections or variables as secrets on Vault and use them in your project. Read the following topics about how to do this with Vault.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you've confirmed that the integration with Vault works locally, you can complete a similar set up with a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

1. In the Astronomer UI, add the same environment variables found in your `Dockerfile` to the **Environment Variables** section of an existing Deployment. Specify both `VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN` and `VAULT__URL` as **secret** to ensure that your Vault credentials are stored securely.
2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
3. Push your changes to Astronomer Cloud by running `astro deploy` in your project directory.

Now, any Airflow connection or variable that you write to your Hashicorp Vault instance should be successfully pulled.

For more information on setting Environment Variables on Astronomer, read [Environment Variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/environment-variables). For more information on pushing changes to a Deployment on Astronomer, read [Deploy Code](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code).
```

Author: Instead of linking out to the docs after the steps, I added the docs inline to the steps.

ENV AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="<your-client-secret>" # Found in App Registration Page >> Certificates and Secrets >> Client Secrets >> 'Value'

ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND="airflow.providers.microsoft.azure.secrets.azure_key_vault.AzureKeyVaultBackend"

# Using prefixes and default '-' separator:
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "vault_url": "<your-vault-url>"}'
```

:::warning
If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save `<your-client-id>`, `<your-tenant-id>`, and `<your-client-secret>`  in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astronomer, you should set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.
:::

These variables connect Airflow to your Key Vault and define how you call secrets in your Airflow code. By default, this setup requires that you prefix any secret names in Key Vault with `airflow-connections` or `airflow-variables`. If you don't want to use prefixes in your Key Vault secret names, replace the values for `"connections_prefix"` and `"connections_prefix"` with `""`.

> ## Step 4: Test Key Vault Locally

Author: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Test Key Vault Locally
```

```py
from airflow import DAG
from airflow.operators.python_operator import PythonOperator
from datetime import datetime
from airflow.hooks.base_hook import BaseHook

def print_var():
    my_var = Variable.get("<your-variable-key>")
    print(f'My variable is: {my_var}')

with DAG('example_secrets_dags', start_date=datetime(2020, 1, 1), schedule_interval=None) as dag:

  test_task = PythonOperator(
      task_id='test-task',
      python_callable=print_var,
)
```

To test your changes:

1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to push your changes to your local Airflow environment.
2. In the Airflow UI (`http://localhost:8080/admin/`), trigger your new DAG.
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**. If the configuration was successful, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:

    ```text
    {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
    ```

Once you confirm that the setup was successful, you can delete this DAG.

> ## Step 5: Push Changes to Astronomer

Author: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Push Changes to Astronomer
```

- Your Vault Server's URL. If you're using a local server, this should be `http://127.0.0.1:8200/`.

If you do not already have a Vault server deployed but would like to test this feature, we recommend that you either:

- Sign up for a Vault trial on [Hashicorp Cloud Platform (HCP)](https://cloud.hashicorp.com/products/vault).
- Deploy a local Vault server via the instructions in [our Airflow Guide](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/airflow-and-hashicorp-vault)

### Step 1: Write an Airflow Variable or Connection to Vault

To test whether your Vault server is set up properly, create a test Airflow variable or connection to store as a secret.

To store an Airflow variable in Vault as a secret, run the following Vault CLI command with your own values:

```sh
vault kv put secret/variables/<your-variable-key> value=<your-variable-value>
```

To store a connection in Vault as a secret, run the following Vault CLI command with your own values:

```sh
vault kv put secret/connections/<your-connection-id> conn_uri=<connection-type>://<connection-login>:<connection-password>@<connection-host>:5432
```

To confirm that your secret was written to Vault successfully, run:

```sh

> # For variables
> $ vault kv get secret/variables/<your-variable-key>
> # For connections
> $ vault kv get secret/connections/<your-connection>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# For variables
$ vault kv get secret/variables/<your-variable-key>
# For connections
$ vault kv get secret/connections/<your-connection-id>
```

```

This tells Airflow to look for variable and connection information at the `secret/variables/*` and `secret/connections/*` paths in your Vault server. In the next step, you'll test this configuration in a local Airflow environment.

:::warning

If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save `<your-root-token>` and `<your-vault-url>` securely. We recommend adding them to your project's [`.env` file](develop-project.md#set-environment-variables-via-env-local-development-only) and specifying this file in `.gitignore`.

When you deploy to Astronomer Cloud in Step 4, you can set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.

:::

:::info
By default, Airflow uses `"kv_engine_version": 2`, but we've written this secret using v1. You can change this to accommodate how you write and read your secrets.
:::

For more information on the Airflow provider for Hashicorp Vault and how to further customize your integration, read the [Apache Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-hashicorp/stable/_api/airflow/providers/hashicorp/hooks/vault/index.html).

> ### Step 3: Test Vault in a Local Airflow Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Run an Example DAG to Test Vault Locally

```

  test_task = PythonOperator(
      task_id='test-task',
      python_callable=print_var,
)
```

Once you've added this DAG to your project:

1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to push your changes to your local Airflow environment.
2. In the Airflow UI (`http://localhost:8080/admin/`), trigger your new DAG.
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**.  If you ran the example DAG above, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:

    ```text
    {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
    ```

Once you confirm that the setup was successful, you can delete this example DAG.

### Step 4: Set Up Vault on Astronomer Cloud

Once you've confirmed that the integration with Vault works locally, you can complete a similar set up with a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

1. In the Astronomer UI, add the same environment variables found in your `Dockerfile` to your Deployment-level [environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/environment-variables). Specify both `VAULT__ROOT_TOKEN` and `VAULT__URL` as **secret** to ensure that your Vault credentials are stored securely.

>   :::info
> 
>   Make sure to strip the quotations (`"`) from your environment variable values. If you add these values with the quotation marks included in your Dockerfile, your configuration will not work on Astronomer Cloud.
> 
>   :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :::warning

  Make sure to strip the quotations (`"`) from your environment variable values. If you add these values with the quotation marks included in your Dockerfile, your configuration will not work on Astronomer Cloud.

  :::
```

2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
3. [Deploy your changes](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code) to Astronomer Cloud.

Now, any Airflow variable or connection that you write to your Vault server can be successfully accessed and pulled by any DAG in your Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

## AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store

In this section, we'll walk through how to use [AWS Systems Manager (SSM) Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html) as a secrets backend on Astronomer Cloud.

### Prerequisites

To use this feature, you need:

- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
- The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
- Access to AWS SSM Parameter Store.
- A valid AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.

> ### Step 1: Write an Airflow Variable or Connection to Parameter Store

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Write an Airflow Variable or Connection to AWS Parameter Store
```

  :::

2. In your Astronomer project, delete the environment variables from your `Dockerfile`.
3. [Deploy your changes](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/deploy-code) to Astronomer Cloud.

Now, any Airflow variable or connection that you write to AWS SSM Parameter Store can be automatically pulled by any DAG in your Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

## Google Cloud Secret Manager

This topic provides setup steps for configuring [Google Cloud Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) as a secrets backend on Astronomer Cloud.

### Prerequisites

To use Google Cloud Secret Manager as your Airflow secrets backend, you need:

- A [Deployment](configure-deployment.md).
- The [Astronomer CLI](install-cli.md).
- An [Astronomer project](create-project.md).
- A Google Cloud environment with [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/configuring-secret-manager) configured.
- A [service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-accounts) with the [Secret Manager Secret Accessor](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/access-control) role on Google Cloud.

> - A [JSON service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys) for the service account.

Reviewer 2: Add Gcloud CLI?

    --replication-policy="automatic"
```

For more information on creating secrets, read the [Google Cloud documentation](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/creating-and-accessing-secrets#create).

### Step 2: Set Up Secret Manager in a Local Airflow Environment

To test Secret Manager before deploying to Astronomer, add the following lines to your Astronomer project's `Dockerfile`, making sure to paste your entire JSON service account key in place of `<your-key-file>`:

```sh
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.google.cloud.secrets.secret_manager.CloudSecretManagerBackend
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS='{"connections_prefix": "airflow-connections", "variables_prefix": "airflow-variables", "gcp_keyfile_dict": <your-key-file>}'
```

:::warning

If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astronomer, be sure to save `<your-key-file>` securely. We recommend adding it to your project's [`.env` file](develop-project.md#set-environment-variables-via-env-local-development-only) and specifying this file in `.gitignore`. When you deploy to Astronomer, you should set these values as secrets via the Astronomer UI.

:::

> ### Step 3: Test Secret Manager Locally

Reviewer 2: Run Example DAG...

  test_task = PythonOperator(

      task_id='test-task',
      python_callable=print_var,
)
```

To test your changes:

1. Run `astro dev stop` followed by `astro dev start` to push your changes to your local Airflow environment.
2. In the Airflow UI (`http://localhost:8080/admin/`), trigger your new DAG.
3. Click on `test-task` > **View Logs**. If you ran the example DAG above, you should should see the contents of your secret in the task logs:

    ```text
    {logging_mixin.py:109} INFO - My variable is: my-test-variable
    ```

Once you confirm that the setup was successful, you can delete this DAG.

### Step 4: Deploy to Astronomer

Once you've confirmed that the integration with Google Cloud Secret Manager works locally, you can complete a similar set up with a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

1. In the Astronomer UI, add the same environment variables found in your `Dockerfile` to your Deployment-level [environment variables](https://docs.astronomer.io/cloud/environment-variables). Specify both `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND` and `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS` as **Secret** to ensure that your credentials are stored securely.

>   :::info
> 
>   Make sure to strip the quotations (`"`) from your environment variable values. If you add these values with the quotation marks included in your Dockerfile, your configuration will not work on Astronomer Cloud.
> 
>   :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :::warning

  Make sure to strip the quotations (`"`) from your environment variable values. If you add these values with the quotation marks included in your Dockerfile, your configuration will not work on Astronomer Cloud.

  :::
```

I might even have this at the bottom of these steps tbh
